[Docs-Only] add docs for running tests with release tarballs in CI (#3569)
owncloud/docs: modules/developer_manual/pages/testing/acceptance-tests.adoc

|generating previews/thumbnails takes time. Use this tag on UI test scenarios that do not need to test thumbnail behavior.
|===

=== Running tests using release tarballs in CI

> If you want to run the tests in CI against a system installe from one of the release tarballs, you can use the `testAgainstCoreTarball` setting in the `config` section of `.drone.star`. You can use the `coreTarball` option to specify which release tarball to install from. If no tarball version is specified then `daily-master-qa` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the tests in CI against a system installed from one of the release tarballs, you can use the `testAgainstCoreTarball` setting in the `config` section of `.drone.star`. You can use the `coreTarball` option to specify which release tarball to install from. If no tarball version is specified then `daily-master-qa` will be used.
```

> If you want to run the tests in CI with one of the release tarball, you can use `testAgainscoreTarball` setting in the `config` section of `.drone.star`. You can use the `coreTarball` option to specify which version of the release tarball to run the tests. If no tarball version is specified then `daily-master-qa` will be used to run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the tests in CI against a system installe from one of the release tarballs, you can use the `testAgainstCoreTarball` setting in the `config` section of `.drone.star`. You can use the `coreTarball` option to specify which release tarball to install from. If no tarball version is specified then `daily-master-qa` will be used.
```
